I'll wait a minute.
I don't mind if you ask me, but I'm angry when someone says that my land is bad.
I'll take care of that.
I'll go to Atemon for the comfort of the weather.
What is Atemon?
I'll do it.
I'll go to Kaneyama, Takeyama, and Kaneyama.
I can see the smoke.
I'll do it.
I see.
It's interesting.
I'll go.
How is it?
I'll take care of it.
I'll wait a minute.
I don't need it when I need it.
I don't need it when I don't need it.
What is it?
I don't understand.
Give me this point.
What is it?
It's a bath lid.
I see.
I'll go to the second storey.
The length is 100 meters.
I don't know if it's a mouse, a gold mouse, a gray mouse, or anything.
I don't know where it is.
I don't know if it's a head or a head.
What is it?
I don't understand.
Give me this point.
What is it?
Cinnamon is poison.
It was a poison.
I don't know what it is.
I'll give this point 500 yen.
I don't understand.
It's a good deal.
I'll give you that.
It's a loose leg.
He has a long face and a lot of hair.
He has a lot of hair.
He is very good at playing with his feet.
He is like a father.
This is very funny.
I will give you this.
If we hit him, many people will die.
Your position is very high.
You have a good attitude.
It is about to plant 10 sa sok.
This is the same as this.
Please plant 10 sa sok more.
I will have him do it again.
When I plant the sa sok, it is not about reaching 1000.
But if you plant in front of me, it is low.
If you're lucky, you'll be able to wire their spikes around your neck.
But the
incidence doesn't
But what to do?
He adds,
But how
準備
We are now ready,
to get ready for answer.
Thank you for watching!